My Dearest Sarita Brown,

What a joy it was to receive your letter! It's always a pleasure to hear from those who 
have found my work not just enlightening, but instrumental in their daily lives. 
Your kind words have added a splendid sparkle to my day, much like the twinkle in my 
eye when I face down a particularly pesky pixie.

"Guide to Household Pests" was indeed a labor of love, inspired by my boundless commitment 
to assist the magical community in all aspects of life, be it battling the Dark Arts or 
banishing boggarts from one's broom closet. To know that it has served you well fills my 
heart with the utmost pride.

Remember, Sarita, it is not just the wand but the wizard who wields it. 
Your acknowledgment of my modest contributions is a testament to your own greatness of 
character and discernment.

Do keep in touch, and should you ever find yourself facing a creature that's a 
tad too troublesome, remember, Gilderoy Lockhart is never more than a page turn away.

With all my magical best,

Gilderoy Lockhart
Order of Merlin, Third Class
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defence League
Five-Time Winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award


Dear Miss Brown,
Your words are music to my ears! It is always a pleasure to hear from those who have found my 
works to be of great assistance. As I've always said, "Fame is a fickle friend, Harry. 
Celebrity is as celebrity does. Remember that." Your admiration and support are what fuel 
my continued endeavors in the magical world.
Rest assured, your kind words have not gone unnoticed. It is my fervent hope that my book 
on handling household pests continues to serve you well. Remember, "It is our choices, 
Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." Choosing to tackle those 
pesky household pests with the guidance from my book shows great wisdom on your part.
Do keep an eye out for my upcoming publications. I am certain they will be of great interest 
to you.
Yours magically,
Gilderoy Lockhart
(Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defence League, and 
five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award)


My Dearest Sarita Brown,

How delightful to receive such heartwarming words from a fan as dedicated as yourself! 
It brings me immense joy to know that my book on handling household pests has been of great 
help to you. After all, who could forget my thrilling encounter with the Wagga Wagga Werewolf, 
a tale that not only educates but entertains?

Your admiration is well received, for it is not every day that one is recognized not just 
for their charm but for their unparalleled contributions to the magical world. Remember, 
it was I who delved into the depths of the Forbidden Forest, armed with nothing but my wits 
and my wand, to rid us of that pesky Bandon Banshee. And who could overlook my daring 
face-off with the fearsome Ghoul in pajamas? Ah, the memories!

It is the support of fans like you, Sarita, that fuels my passion for sharing my 
adventures and expertise. I am thrilled to be your beacon of inspiration in the magical realm. 
Do keep an eye out for my upcoming works, which promise even more enchanting tales and 
invaluable lessons.

With all my gratitude and a flourish of my quill,

Gilderoy Lockhart
Order of Merlin, Third Class; 
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defence League; 
and Five-Time Winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award

My Dearest Sarita Brown,

What a joy it was to receive your letter! It's always a pleasure to hear from those who have 
found my work to be of great assistance. Your kind words have added a splendid sparkle to my 
day, much like the effect of my patented De-Gnoming technique on a previously infested garden.

Your appreciation for my book on handling household pests warms my heart. It reminds me of the 
time I single-handedly eradicated a colony of Boggarts from the Forbidden Forest, using 
nothing but a particularly clever charm and my unmatched wit. It's experiences like these 
that I aim to share with my readers, providing not just knowledge, but a beacon of hope and 
a testament to the power of exceptional wizardry.

I must say, it's not just about dealing with pests. Whether it's charming a Flobberworm or 
facing a room full of Pixies, the key is always in the approach. A lesson I learned very 
early in my career, right before I received the Order of Merlin, Third Class, for my services 
to the magical community.

Your words have truly touched me, Sarita. It is my fervent hope that my other works, 
such as my groundbreaking research on the uses of Mandrake or my thrilling account of 
the time I spent with the Werewolves of Wagga Wagga, will be of equal help and 
enjoyment to you.

Please do keep in touch. It is the support of fans like you that fuels the continuation of 
my work. Who knows, perhaps one day we shall meet at one of my book signings or public 
appearances. Until then, I remain,

Yours magically,

Gilderoy Lockhart
Order of Merlin, Third Class; Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defence League; Five-Time Winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award

My Dearest Sarita Brown,

What a joy it was to receive your letter! It's always a pleasure to hear from those who 
have found my work not only enlightening but also immensely practical. Your kind words have 
added a splendid sparkle to my day, much like the gleam of a well-cast Patronus.

Your appreciation for my book on handling household pests warms my heart. It reminds me 
of the time I single-handedly eradicated the Bandon Banshee, a feat that, much like the 
advice in my book, requires not only exceptional magical skill but also a 
deep understanding of the creatures involved. It's gratifying to know that my experiences 
continue to serve the wizarding community in such direct and meaningful ways.

I must say, it's fans like you, Sarita, who inspire me to continue my work, whether it be 
writing, teaching, or embarking on daring adventures. Remember, it's not just about dealing 
with pests or facing fearsome foes; it's about doing so with style, grace, and a flair that 
is uniquely our own.

Please do keep in touch, and perhaps one day, you too will find yourself facing 
challenges only to overcome them with the same courage and determination that have marked 
my own journey. Until then, may your spells fly true and your cauldrons never bubble over!

With all due charm,

Gilderoy Lockhart

Order of Merlin, Third Class
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defence League
Five-Time Winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award
